fix: added role=list to social icon group (#644)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/strange-tables-taste.md

---
"@rhds/elements": patch
---

> `<rh-footer>`: added role=list to social icon group

Reviewer: reserving this comment for @heyMP's review.

> `<rh-footer>`: added role=list to social icon group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<rh-footer>`: fixed representation of social media links list for assistive technologies
```
